Let's learn a few more neat things that we can do with images now.
Here we learned that we're able to save images we can convert them.
We can add image filters to them and we also learn that we can actually use this save method to give
a new name to a file and then also give it an extension with the second parameter so we can convert
from let's say a Jay back to a PMG file like this another neat thing that we can do is also actually
do something called Show and this is just going to show us the image.
Let me show you huh.
Get that done.
Let me show you.
All right.
There you go.
We see that it's now opening up the file and showing me the great out black and white 1920s Pikachu
we can also rotate our images so I can say filtered image and this image I want to rotate let's say
90 degrees and I'm actually going to move this above the safe so that we can see the effects.
I run this and go to gray dot PSG
and let's just assign this to a crooked variable and this crooked variable which stores the new image
is where we're going to save.
So let's just loops.
Let's save that and run this and if we now go to gray dot BMG look at that we got a crooked picture.
And we can again do different things let's do a 180.
So we have upside down to get you and there we go.
We have upside down pikachu.
So that's great.
We can rotate images we can also resize the images.
So let's just say resize here and this is going to be called resize and instead of rotate what we'll
say is we'll say resize and we can say that this image you remember it was 640 by 640.
I'm going to resize it to three hundred by three hundred so a nice little thumbnail if I run this up
and you see that I get an error here and what I actually should have done here is the resize accepts
a couple.
So I have to add brackets around here.
So if I run this again let me clear and run this again and we go to great PMG.
Look at that Pikachu is a lot smaller than he used to be.
Pikachu is tiny now so we got tiny Great out Pikachu so that's great.
I can resize images which is really really useful.
Now let's say I wanted to crop my Peek At You image.
What can we do.
Well instead of me telling you let's just find out we can go to the documentation Web site and simply
search for crop
and if we keep scrolling down creep scrolling down.
Well let's just do dot crop to see if there's an actual function that we have and let's go over here
and we see that we have a crop over here so cutting pasting and merging images.
OK.
So let me just zoom in so you can see it a little bit.
We see exactly how it can work.
We can just pick the pixel location of the four corners and crop an image.
So let's just copy that and try it out.
So we have the region.
So let's just say region or let's just remove this and crop the filtered image.
With the box like this and if we save this region image and run our code let's go to peek at you and
look at that just the face of picture.
He's so cute all right.
Let's pretend that I didn't make that voice.
Let's keep going.
So there we have it.
We can even crop images.
I mean this is pretty basic stuff.
But you see the power of image processing whatever you want to do you're not going to know at the top
of your head.
Instead you're gonna go to the documentation and say hey I want to have a blurry Great out image.
How can I do that.
Well you just search the documentation page and learn the commands and you write your file.
And that's the key right.
You're not going to know the top of your head the entire library when the need arises.
You just read the documentation.
That's what good developers do.
All right.
We've learned a lot but we still have a few more things to learn.
So let's take a break and I'll see you in the next one.
Bobby.